Pull some wording from the presentation and strawman (#8)
twof/graphql-spec: rfcs/ClientControlledNullability.md

We’ve done this in accordance with official best practice, and we largely agree that this is good practice. 
From the [official GraphQL best practice](https://graphql.org/learn/best-practices/#nullability):

> This is because there are many things that can go awry in a networked service backed by databases and other
> services. A database could go down, an asynchronous action could fail, an exception could be thrown. Beyond
> simply system failures, authorization can often be granular, where individual fields within a request can
> have different authorization rules.

The problem with the SDL nonNull (!) is that it eliminates the possibility of partial failure on a given type.
This forces the SDL author to decide for which fields partial failure is acceptable. A GraphQL schema author 
may not be in the best position to decide whether partial failure is acceptable for a given canvas.

While the schema can have nullable fields for valid reasons (such as federation), in some cases the client wants 
to decide if it accepts a `null` value for the result to simplify the client-side logic.

## 🧑‍💻 Proposed Solution

> A client specified Non-Null designator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A client-controlled Non-Null designator.
```

## 🎬 Behavior

> The proposed query-side Non-Null designator would have identical semantics to the current 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proposed client-controlled Non-Null designator would have identical semantics to the current 
```
